Horn in the previous video we have been talking about linearly separable problems and we have come to
the conclusion that we just have to solve some optimization problem.
So basically we define the equation for the hyperplane.
So we have to minimize disturb one divide by two times the Euclidean norm of the weights squared.
And it's going to work fine for linearly separable problems but sometimes we have non-linear spaces.
So in many real world applications the relationship between miraculous are non-linear.
So a key feature of support back to our machines is their ability to map the problem into a higher dimensional
space using a process known as the cardinal trick.
So OK we know how to handle linearly separable problems but we know how to deal with these kinds of
problems.
We do much easier in machine learning related algorithms.
This is why we like supporting actor machines because we are able to transform the problem into a higher
dimensional space.
And in the higher dimensional space we are able to solve the problem very very easily.
So this is the so-called kernel tree.
So Cardinal treaty's the process of making the transformation and non-linear relationship may suddenly
appears to be quite linear.
So as you can see here for example in this case we are not able to separate the green dots from the
already dots with a linear line.
We can't do it.
But if we separated the same manner with a hyper plane like this then there's going to be several mis
classifications as you can see we have a red dot a Mohmed green dots and we have a green dot among the
red dots and there's the distance between the misclassified items and the hyperplane ID no detail.
We with a Saibai and OK our model is going to suggest that it's not a problem that we have some mis
classifications but we should minimize the number of mis classifications.
So this is what we have been discussing for the linearly separable problem that we have to minimize
the divide by two times the Euclidean norm moved away squared plus we will have a term.
This term is because we will have some mis classifications and basically this term is going to make
sure that we would like to minimize the amount of misclassified items.
Of course this is the aim of some work better machines so we have to sum up the ace of surprise.
What are these a surprise.
These are the distances between the misclassified items and the hyper planes.
OK NDC parameter is the cost parameter to all points that why you laid the constraints.
So we make or optimization on this cost function thats going to be the cost function and we would like
to find the global minimum of that a given cost function we can tune to see para meter we can modify
the penalty for the data points that are misclassified.
As I said earlier the Stern has something to do with the misclassify data points.
Okay.
Even the sea is very large.
The algorithm's tries to find a 100 percent separation.
If the seas low then the wider overall margin is a load with more misclassify data points.
So if the seas low it means that there is going to be several misclassify data points.
The seas are very large that the support vector machine is going to find a way to separate all Daut
in the right class.
So theres not going to be any misclassified items.
Ok so thats all about the extended cost function we have to minimize for nonlinearly separable problems.
And what about the Kerala's.
As I said earlier that the Cannell trait is something like the transformation of the import data into
an outer space where the classification can be solved much easier.
So for example we had some weather classes sunny weather and snowy weather.
We have green dots they represent snowy weather and we have the red dots representing sunny weather
and we have two features the Longet two and the latitude the cardno function is able to transform the
data set and it is going to create some so-called slacke voluble the altitude this altitude feature
is not present in the original data set.
It is not a feature as far as the original data is concerned.
The cardinal function is going to create DST too.
Why.
Because if we have an attitude as you can see we have managed to transform the data into a higher dimensional
space because we have an additional feature.
So instead of two features we will have three features in this case.
So the data has been transformed into a higher dimensional space.
But in this higher dimensional space we are able to separate the two classes linearly.
So we have a linear hyperplane because we have created that slacke voluble attitude.
And as you can see it's the snow we better.
And it is the Sahni matter it has something to do with the attitude and supper the fact that a machine
is going to find the slack variable for us we don't have to bother about it.
And this is why we live supper reactor machines.
This is why support that our machines are working very very fine and outperforms other in machine learning
techniques in the main.
OK so as I said earlier it is in a higher dimensional space because we have the slack where valuable
altitude.
So we can all function we can transform the problem into linearly separable one as you can see here
we are not able to separate the problems with the map of a linear line.
But here we are able to separate the two classes with the hop of a linear line.
So we have to use a slack or idea of the altitude and this is what the Cannell function is going to
find for us.
OK so this is the hyperplane in the higher dimensional space that's going to separate the two classes.
And what's more important that supper vector a machine learns concepts that are not explicitly measured
in the original data and no other machine learning related algorithm is capable to do something like
this linear regression logistic regression caning us neighbor naive based classifier these algorithms
are not able to create slacke variables.
But this is why I suppose vector machine is working really very fine because it's able to learns and
creates new features.
For example this attitude in this case in the next video we are going to talk about tantalizing domain.
Bangsar watching.